Add some recommendations in Learn guides (#330)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-docs: components/learn/modules/ROOT/pages/writing-automated-tests.adoc

$ npm install --save-dev chai
```

[.hardhat]
--

> Add @nomiclabs/hardhat-truffle5 in hardhat.config.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For compatibility with OpenZeppelin Test Helpers with Harhdat, dd `@nomiclabs/hardhat-truffle5` in hardhat.config.js. We recommend using https://hardhat.org/hardhat-chai-matchers/docs/overview[Hardhat Chai Matchers] as a better supported alternative for Ethers.js.
```
